None of this I see.
I do not see the top of the mountain or a huge abyss
and the camera is not assigned to any magical device.
I'm in the Mixed Reality Lab at YouTube in New York
and if I want to see something more than green walls around me,
I will have to put on these glasses.
The problem with virtual reality is,
while a man with glasses is overwhelmed,
waving his hands and enjoying it,
everyone else has no idea what's going on.
Mixed reality is a way to let other people see,
what would it be there.
We have a real camera that shoots you in your glasses
on a green background
and the only thing the game needs to know is where the virtual camera is supposed to be.
We use HTC Vive glasses and the third handheld controller,
assigned to the camera,
allowing the game to know where the camera is.
So we can have a real camera and a virtual camera,
which moves through space and shoots video,
as if it were in a virtual reality with you.
We have a top Intel processor on our computer
32 gigabytes of RAM and the current peak in graphics cards,
NVidii GTX 1080.
The image is recorded in 4K,
because anything smaller would cause problems.
For mixed reality to work,
we need to put a small configuration file into the game folder,
in which we describe where the driver is assigned
and where is the lens of our camera.
We also need to align the rotation and field of view of the camera,
but otherwise it should work with the current version of Unity.
Unity is a tool that is often used to build 3D programs.
Because there is this system built in,
The Mixed Reality Laboratory works with lots of VR games.
Not with all but with most of them.
And because the position of the HTC Vive drivers is very accurate,
we can do things like this close shot of a laser gun,
which I just hold, hopefully.
Maybe it's a Vive driver,
but its position is more or less perfect.
When playing in a normal virtual reality,
the computer must only generate what you see in your glasses.
For mixed reality, the computer still generates another look,
namely the perspective of the third driver - the virtual camera.
So, finally, we have four views instead of one.
Four - first normal view of glasses,
but also background and two layers in front of the player
from a virtual camera point of view.
One foreground layer is a normal image to be seen before the player
and then a luma layer that helps remove all black space.
The SteamVR plugin automatically recognizes what's in the background and foreground
depending on where the glasses are.
Everything between the glasses and the virtual camera is the foreground
and everything behind the glasses is the background.
In our studio we make the composition alive.
This gives us a rough impression of what the final product will look like.
The living composition is not completely dopilovaná,
but we can use those four original views
and produce a much more detailed composition by hand.
Virtual studios are not new.
For years, BBC has been using a similar thing in the election,
but they have carefully prepared graphic elements,
a lot of expensive equipment
and moderators need to practice everything perfectly, otherwise it does not look good.
And by replacing our glasses with the Helm of Justice,
we get a brace show show from the nineties, Knightmare.
So far, it has always been expensive, custom-built affairs,
but they use technologies that can be obtained here.
If you want to do this at home,
you will need a large green background,
maybe you could paint the walls!
You will need a very powerful computer,
a camera that can send an image to a computer,
the recording card and the third driver.
But if you have all these things,
you can enjoy the mixed reality in the comfort of your home!
Thanks to everyone on the YouTube site in New York and the Mixed Reality Lab.
You can find out more about them in the links below the video.
(Do you leave the impact?)
(That's pretty ...!)
Yeah, it's funny!
So, and we have it!
That is all!